docs: Update faq.rst (#878)
interactions-py/interactions.py: docs/faq.rst

    This page is maintained by the Helpers of the Discord server,
    and developers at their discretion. For any

>     comments, feedback or concerns please consider joining our `Discord Server`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    comments, feedback or concerns, please consider joining our `Discord Server`_
```

    and bringing it up in our support channels.

> The current state of discord.py and its further development is very unclear. What about your lib?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current state of discord.py and its further development is unclear. What about your library?
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
We have no plans on stopping development and will be available for you. If you have any questions about the

> internal development feel free to ask in the discord support server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
internal development, feel free to ask in the Discord support server.
```

before in their entire life.

Extension Libraries
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
A list of all official extensions can be found `on our github page`_

Those are (at the moment):

- A `voice client`_ - which is still WIP, but it is able to listen for the ``VOICE_STATE_UPDATE`` event.
- An `autosharder`_ for automatic sharding
- `wait_for`_ allows listening and waiting for a specific event or a component inside a function
- `files`_ for file sending with ctx
- `Molter`_ for message commands

> - `enhanced`_ what enhances the DX in general

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `enhanced`_ which enhances the DX in general
```

- A `paginator`_ for paginating embeds on messages using components
- `persistence`_ - for storing data inside your custom IDs (as an alternative to ``wait_for``)
- `rest`_ for connecting to a ``RESTful API``
- And a `boilerplate`_

> Below are a few not yet officially supported exts what allowing some functional that are similar to what d.py had:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below are a few unofficial exts (for the time being) which implement some functionality similar to what d.py had:
```

- `checks and cooldowns`_
- `tasks`_
- `get`_ for getting objects from the discord API (will be implemented into the core library at a later time)

Usage examples can usually be found at the linked page

Can I make an Extension Library myself?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Yeah you can! We have a special channel reserved for the development of external libraries!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yeah, you can! We have a special channel reserved for the development of external libraries!
```

      @interactions.extension_command(...)
      async def test_command(self, ctx, ...):
        ...

    def setup(client):
      TestCommand(client)

It's nothing more than that.

Since ``@bot.X`` decorators don't work in extensions, you have to use these:

* For event listeners, use ``@interactions.extension_listener``
* For component listeners, use ``@interactions.extension_component``
* For modal listeners, use ``@interactions.extension_modal``
* For modal listeners, use ``@interactions.extension_modal``
* For autocomplete listeners, use ``@interactions.extension_autocomplete``

``channel.members`` does not exist, how do I get the people in a voice channel?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
``channel.members`` actually does exist, but is reserved for threads. There is no attribute for people in a voice
channel by the API. The only possible thing is to install the `voice client`_ extension and listen for the
``VOICE_STATE_UPDATE`` event and then having a local cache that gets updated when a member joins or leaves.

My question is not answered on here!
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Please join our `Discord server`_ for any further support regarding our library and/or any integration code depending on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please join our `Discord Server`_ for any further support regarding our library and/or any integration code depending on it.
```
Consistency
